### Material

[Link to agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZwJ1FXGUnZ7Lmq3lydU4_23pR6fKRsCHCkCvgymtTYM/edit?pli=1)

[Syllabus](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1EH-9VndEUNBJePeAx2bmK3Ew7QxMWVA5/view)

[Thank You. Ma'an](https://www.chino.k12.ca.us/cms/lib/CA01902308/Centricity/Domain/1689/Thank%20You%20%20Ma%20am.pdf)

### Class 1 (September 2, 2020)

There are 4 sections in this class

1. Read Syllabus and have some question

- What is the consequence for late work?
- What is my policy on redoing work?
- What do you think are the most important expectations?
- Are there any expectations you want to add? Anything you feel is unfair?

2. Goal Setting
3. Quote and Opinions [Link](https://docs.google.com/presentation/u/1/d/1I3i9nBokq6DV5FIA1ehQ1MJxpvh8RSQHGz9dTZkU0CA/edit?usp=sharing)
4. Student Survey

### Homework

Read page one of **Thank you Ma’am**. Write 6-8 annotations about the characters.
If you are unsure what to write, answer these questions:

- What is the character feeling? (The woman feels angry, boy tried to) steal her purse
- What is the character thinking?
- What is the character doing?
- What is the character saying (dialogue)
- What does the character want?
- What words are new to you?

### Class 2 (September 4, 2020)

**The six signposts**

tools to understand how the **character** is changing and what the **theme/message** may be

- Contrasts and Contradictions
  - When the character does something different from what you would expect.
  - _Why the character is doing that_
- Words of the Wiser
  - When an older/wiser character gives the main character advice.
  - _What is the lesson? How will it affect the character's life?_
- Aha! Moment
  - When a character suddenly figures something out or understands something
  - _How might this moment change thing?_
- Again and Again
  - When something is repeated in a book.
  - _Why does the auther keep repeating this?_
- Memory Moment
  - When the action is interrupted and the author tells you about a memory
  - _Why is this memory important?_
- Tought Question
  - When the character asks themselves a tough question.
  - _What does this make me wonder?_

### Homework

Complete these opinions and put in Google Doc [Link](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1NocVK_sERSOsTjTFB6u-jVMPgQv6EIgxJJqeyLrIvJ8/edit)

- Contrasts and Contradictions
  - In the story, why she invite the boy to go to home
- Words of the Wiser
  - Lesson that the woman gives him. Not to stash pocket of anyone
- Aha! Moment
  - When the boy looks at the door and looks at the woman.
  - When the boy realize that the lesson of the woman is useful for him and the end of the story, he speaks "Thank you Ma'am"
- Again and Again
  - The boy have many chances to run away to the woman
- Memory Moment
  - When the woman said her past, which is "I were young once and I wanted
    things I could not get."
- Tough Question
  - In the last paragraph, he asks himself what I'm gonna speak and tell her.

Telling about Trimester 1 Vocabulary

Here's [Link](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1o1L-GHEAS4RSgR1p0Kf-g5Y2FWBBofTnP3frsEDARuI/edit#gid=0) to original vocabulary

Here's [Link](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1sRwO0xl1VAW-ICe6qFsqrfaetWl8sqN9glcVEop9yVY/edit#gid=0) to my vocabulary
