---
title: 'Week 2'
order: '2'
---

### Material

[This week Agenda](https://brewster.instructure.com/courses/811/pages/unit-2-paragraph-writing)

### Class 3 E1113 (September 7, 2020)

#### Topic Sentence

The first sentence in a piece of writing that shares the topic.
**What are you writing about?**

- Answer the question
- Share the main idea
- Be clear

**Example:**
If you want to try an amazing class, then try a physic class.
When you are looking for interesting class, try a physic class.

#### Supporting Sentences

Like hamburger, supporting sentence should have

- More information
- Prove your opinion
- Explain the main idea
- Provide evidence

**Example**

1. Mountain biking is great exercise.
2. You can explore beautiful nature on a bike that you can't see in a car.
3. Mountain biking is perfect for people who love excitement.

**My Example**
Physics indicates the nature of the universe.
Physics shows the possibility of things around.
You can explore the beautiful nature by studying physics

### Class 4 E1114 (September 9, 2020)

#### Quotation

> Physics helps us to understand how the world around us works, from can openers, light bulbs and cell phones to muscles, lungs and brains; from paints, piccolos and pirouettes to cameras, cars and cathedrals; from earthquakes, tsunamis and hurricanes to quarks, DNA and black holes. From the prosaic . . . to the profound . . . to the poetic. . (Cornell)

#### Concluding Sentence

This is your own commentary. You should repeat or review the main idea of the paragraph, but add your reflection.

**My Example**
Physics is one of interesting subjects. Physics is used in manythings around the life.

[Link](https://www.sd308.org/cms/lib/IL01906463/Centricity/Domain/2209/Snow.pdf) to reading 