---
title: 'Week 5'
order: '5'
---
Regions

- East Asia and Pacific
- Sub-Saharan Africa
- South Asia
- Europe and Central Asia
- Middle East and North Africa
- Latin America and Caribbean
- North America
- Disputed territory/no designation

separated by culture

1. What are some similarities among these maps?

- based on our world map

2. How do these maps demonstrate different choices about which information to include or exclude?

- spesific forcus and interested
- different interested

3. What criteria did the map makers use to define the regions?

- world bank map
- world health organization
- region, culture

Formal Regions

- Define formally, often by government or other structures
- Often times share physical

Water Regions: 
EEZs - Exclusive Economic Zones extend 200 miles off the shore of a country 
The nation has jurisdiction of the resources in that zone. They can set laws like catch limits in that zone. They are responsible for monitoring that zone. 

Countries with large EEZs often have long coastlines, like Brazil. They have a lot of natural resources found in the water like fish or oil. Long EEZs are very difficult to monitor. 

Countries with tiny EEZs have less economic power in the ocean, but have less to monitor (The Gambia). 

Somalia has a large EEZ - the largest in Africa, but they do not have the resources to monitor it. This has led to a lot of resources being stolen by other countries from Somalia's EEZ. This has led to piracy in the region. 

Mercator projection, the Gall-Peters projection, Winkel-Tripel project



Have different perspective 
Chili